Before the last election
I promised the people of Scotland
a referendum on independence.
Russia is adept at undermining
and controlling small states.
Creating one in Scotland
would be a coup.
Redback is the code name for a major
terror attack on British soil.
Oleg Adamov.
This guy is a serious player.
My money's on him still being
in London. OK, let's bring him in.
Holly is in no way relevant
to the referendum.
A troubled, young Scottish woman
who may or may not be your daughter?
We've intercepted chatter
about a credible threat
to your prime minister.
This man here, Shaun Graham.
I'm not your fucking mate, Cornwell!
I'm coming for you!
Don't move.
Drop the gun.
-He's been using the term Redback?
-Yeah.
That puts him at the top
of your potential buyers' list.
But what's his connection
to Oleg Adamov?
What is Redback?
It's some kind
of terror threat, isn't it?
We don't know.
-Freeze! Don't move!
-Who fired?
So, as the Prime Minister
leaves the studio,
an IED blows the electricity.
The power supply's
at the rear of the building.
The gunman broke into the box
and attached an IED with a timer.
No prints. Chaos. Shouting. Gunfire.
A single shot.
The PM's down and our shooter,
Shaun Graham, he's in the wind.
He's gone.
Marcus, anything?
No sign of Shaun Graham
or any of his known contacts.
Nothing from airports or docks.
What about his inside guy?
Admits he gave Graham
his pass and his uniform.
Picked up a cool 200 quid.
Life in prison for 200 quid?
Right, keep looking.
Will do, yeah.
-So, he just walked through?
-And walked right out again.
Why did he only fire one shot?
We gonna have to sift
through every piece of CCTV footage
in the surrounding area.
Track down any passing vehicles
with dash cams.
Levi?
Looks like someone
was trying to make a point.
-Yes?
-Boss.
They found Shaun Graham.
You happy it's Shaun Graham?
Hundred per cent.
So, SOCO thinks
he climbed up on here...
tied the rope off and then jumped.
Open and shut.
I think it's time we downgraded
Redback to follow-up status.
"Redback" written
on a picture of the PM.
A week later,
two assassination attempts.
That it. We're done.
OK, Adam will be down in a minute.
What are your concerns?
He literally stared
down the barrel of a gun.
Twice.
I was there.
He's pretending
it's business as usual.
He's agreed to the debate
going ahead today.
Are you OK with that?
Adam doesn't respond well
to being handled,
but he did listen
to Chief of Security's advice.
-To hold the debate here?
-That's not nothing.
He won't like me saying this,
but right now the polls are good.
What we don't need
is a shit show of a debate.
Etta, I'm asking,
as his closest friend,
is he up to it?
Good morning, everybody.
Very tight schedule today,
but the busier, the better.
I want you all to know I've got this.
So, if there are any concerns,
thank you for caring,
but we've got a referendum to win.
Alexander Kutiev wasn't talking
about clowns like these.
What, when he was bartering
for a new house?
Shaun Graham
manipulated Nigel Braynor
into an attempt on the PM's life.
When that failed he went
to the radio station to do the job.
So, then why take one shot?
One bullet in the gun?
He took a shot, missed
and then hung himself.
He wrote "Redback" at the scene.
You can't just ignore that.
What, a dad who's pissed off
he can't see his son.
Another guy, one bullet in his gun?
Redback has got
to be bigger than this.
Bigger than...
They came within a ball hair
of killing the Prime Minister.
Yeah, plus, they had access
to Etta Cornwell's diary.
You want everything tied off
in a neat bow, don't you, Levi?
There's far more to it than this.
This is not Redback.
You're asking the right questions,
Beatrice.
Please find some answers.
I don't think we take any questions.
I think we just make the statement
and then move on.
Prime Minister...
Both your assassins are dead
and close security
has returned to amber.
-The Prime Minister has a press...
-Yes.
How will you play it?
Play it?
There are forces ranged against you.
We believe the attempt on your life
was funded by a group who are also
backing Scottish terrorists.
When you ignore our advice
you put yourself in danger,
but, more importantly,
you imperil the entire nation.
Those officers
cannot have died for nothing.
Please make your speech count.
Mr. Cheery. Are you OK?
I'm fine.
Good morning, everyone.
Morning.
If you want change in the world,
you have to talk.
Guns don't facilitate a dialogue.
They stop it.
OK.
If this was found in reception,
then when did he do this?
And why was the work roster
even in reception?
What do you mean?
Just, staff need to know what
they're doing that day, don't they?
Two years of scooping popcorn
in a multiplex.
Rosters get hung in the locker room.
Yes, Beatrice?
This is a security work roster.
So, a helpful PC took it to his DI
in reception where it was logged.
-OK.
-Play the tape.
Playing.
Oleg Adamov.
Yeah. And that's the...
It's the staff
back room at City Radio.
What's he doing?
He's making his point.
Could be Shaun Graham's accomplice.
Oleg Adamov
is no one's accomplice.
Those are night goggles.
Yeah.
He's a funny guy.
What was he doing?
He's just saying "fuck you."
"Fuck you" to who, though?
He's Redback.
Well, if he isn't,
he knows who is.
He's taunting us.
That bastard killed Glen
and he's just smiling at us.
I'll rip that grin off his face.
If there is to be a change,
it must be the will
of a firm and healthy majority.
Historic changes
cannot be allowed to take place
on the whim of fractions.
I thought we changed
"whim of fractions."
What? When?
You'd rather say, "Without..."
Without... without a clear
and visible mandate. Yes.
These last-minute changes,
it just feels desperate.
Adam, why don't we take a break?
Sure.
Let's take five, shall we?
I could try to reschedule,
if you need me at the debate.
No, if I need anything,
I'll ask for it.
And you can tell Nicky to relax.
I appreciate what you're trying
to do, but I'm good.
Have you heard from Holly today?
A couple of texts. Nothing special.
I think
without knowing if she's mine...
Don't leave her hanging.
This Superman act
doesn't wash with me.
I'm fine.
Sorry, I...
What can I get you?
Bruce, please.
Two attempts and he's still standing.
Your man's got cojones.
My man?
Adam Cornwell.
That's a nice jacket. Distinctive.
Thanks.
Gets me noticed.
Could I buy you a drink, then?
I'm a No, by the way.
Me, too.
Don't tell my mum, though.
She'd go mental.
What about yours?
-Shit. Have I...
-No, you're all right.
Do you wanna take a break, Holly?
Yeah.
Scottish Sun.
Hey, Shirl. It's Robert.
Could you put me through
to the editor, please?
Sure.
Tell me we've got
a front page tomorrow?
I'm working on it. She's definitely
the girl the PM was snapped with.
So, are they shagging?
It's not the vibe I'm getting.
But it's not a no?
See what you can find out,
but make it quick.
-I need something going out.
-I've got to go.
OK.
A pint of cider.
Yeah. OK.
Right, we've got a trail
that's gonna lead us right to Adamov.
Nail his scrotum
to the walls, literally.
As in not literally.
Obviously. That'd be disgusting.
Right, so, VX residue results.
The areas in red
show where Oleg Adamov spent,
in their words,
"a not insignificant amount of time."
So, the shopping center where Glen
died shows the largest trace.
This is weird.
One of the places that shows
the largest molecular trace
is the radio station, right?
But not at Shaun Graham's place.
Or Irene Amrose's place.
What, so judging by this,
the only place that Oleg Adamov
and Shaun Graham overlapped
was at the radio station.
OK, check every single one
of these addresses, all right?
Work out what these hot spots are
and why Adamov was there.
You mean leave here
and actually go outdoors?
Outdoors is overrated.
Oh, a call came in for you.
Your Scottish friend
wants to meet up.
So, what were his exact words?
Uh, "Tell Beatrice
meeting up would be prudent,
especially as the Underground
is running smoothly."
Beard's new.
Suits you.
Thanks for coming all this way.
It's good to see you.
Same.
You been looking after yourself?
Yeah.
Keeping fit?
I run every day.
Give or take.
Alcohol-free?
Unless the job demands it.
Yeah, I'm not dealing with Quakers
here. All right, I like a drink.
What was so urgent?
I've been brought
into the inner sanctum.
Well done.
So, where are we?
Laird's locked in a target.
This pub on the Borders
in two or three days.
He reckons I'm the man for the job.
Why this one?
Well, it's foreign-owned.
Usual bullshit.
We phone in the warning.
There's not enough time to diffuse.
Localised explosion,
maximum publicity.
No.
No?
It'll give you Temple Laird.
Five attacks this year.
Why did you put me in there
if not for this?
Hey? Two years.
Look, the info is solid.
We're good to go.
Take their head, the body will fall.
Explosives in pubs? I can't risk it.
Two years, all right?
Two years
I've been living in this poison,
telling myself
that it'll be worth it!
Look, have a safe journey back.
Fuck. Look, if I turn Laird down,
I'm out for good.
All right? This is a one-time thing.
I can live with that.
Isla.
Thank you so much
for agreeing to this.
I'm afraid security were adamant
it had to be here.
Not at all.
We'll feel much safer here.
Speaking of safety, would you like
to address that in the debate,
the attack?
Not while
it's under investigation, no.
More than happy
to stick to the referendum.
-OK.
-Great. Shall we take a seat?
You're not going to believe this.
Hey... Oleg Adamov.
What about him?
I looked into his eyes.
There's nothing there. Black holes.
He beat you up. No need to apologise.
No. Do you think I'm scared?
No, no. I want him.
And if you get close to him,
you're gonna need me there with you.
This isn't about revenge.
Isn't it?
Let me take you upstairs and
introduce you to the Home Secretary.
I think you'll find
what he has to say very interesting.
-Has this been verified?
-We're on it.
We need to be sure.
By which time the referendum's lost.
We need to use this now.
Let them deny it.
Let them investigate.
Tie themselves in knots.
Strike now.
Get our country back.
We're looking for Adamov,
riding the VX trails,
checking potential affiliates.
Are you two on the same page now?
Yeah, yeah. The assassination
attempt wasn't Redback,
but the fact that Adamov
was at the radio station
suggests he knows Graham.
I don't get why Shaun Graham
would kill himself.
We don't know that he did.
We need the path report,
so let's stick to what we know.
Yesterday, Nigel Braynor's
phone call, the last one.
-To an unregistered number.
-Yeah.
We've been digging into that. It's
activated once a day for 15 minutes.
Do we have the cell tower data?
We're checking patterns
and crossovers.
So, Braynor
calls an unregistered phone.
Adamov turns up at the radio station.
Braynor calls Adamov?
It's a bit of a leap,
but if he does...
Well, we have an actual trace on the
phone, so soon as he uses it again...
-If it is Adamov...
-Then we'll have his location.
And if it isn't, we'll have someone
with some questions to answer.
Great.
Yesterday was terrifying.
When the lights went out.
It was,
but we're here to tell the tale.
Adam, you know
I won't be pulling any punches.
Of course.
Fifteen seconds to air.
Are we all OK?
Good for me.
Let battle commence.
Five, four, three...
Hello, and welcome to Downing Street
for this important debate
on Scottish independence.
I'm here with the Prime Minister,
Adam Cornwell,
and the leader of the SNP,
Isla Robson.
Prime Minister...
Anything?
-Hey.
-What's in the bag?
Yeah.
We followed the VX residue,
like you said.
Adamov spends a lot of time
in a sex shop in Soho.
-Right.
-We figured we'd buy stuff
while we were there
to make the owners
more conducive to talking to us.
Anyways,
he didn't recognise the photo.
Interesting thing is, the sex shop
is owned by a Russian.
Gavel Surkov.
He has got another property
that has just shown up
a heavy VX residue.
Look, we've got a mobile ping
and your VX residue
at the same place.
That's Gavriil Sergov's club
in Frith Street, isn't it?
So, that unregistered phone
and Adamov were at the same place?
-Shall we check it out?
-No, this is mine.
I'm coming with you.
-One, two...
-Fuck!
Three. Ouch. Thank you.
Prime Minister, what would you say
to those who criticise this decision?
Turn it up!
Well, I'd say that my party
hasn't been given quite the credit
that I think it deserves for granting
Scotland yet another referendum.
Lying bastard!
Explain this 55 percent
bollocks, then!
Many in my party said...
You wouldn't have thought
someone tried to kill him.
I made a promise.
I'm doing my best
to keep this referendum fair
and legitimate.
It's true. Westminster
has neglected Scotland for too long.
But that wasn't under my leadership.
You don't get to dismiss
ten years of Tory rule
just because
you weren't their leader.
I mean, you voted their bills,
you served on...
Do you believe him
when he says he wants Scotland
to remain in the union?
Yes, absolutely.
But in the distance between
what a man says
and what a man does
is a wasteland
where angels fear to tread.
Which is why
it's populated by devils.
If we let the devils run wild,
what hope is there?
Pleasure talking to you.
Is that what we were doing?
Do keep him in line, would you?
So that I don't have to.
Sorry.
We're looking for this man.
You'd better pray to find him.
Are you protecting men
who beat women?
It depends on the women.
We're not leaving without some
answers. He killed my friend.
He tried to kill her, too.
I am sorry he failed.
-Maybe I'll do better.
-Sergei.
Where are your manners?
Sorry. Raised by bears. Please.
Nice little place.
I'm looking
for bigger premises, actually.
Have you seen this man?
Compatriot of yours?
Before I answer anything, some ID.
Ogilvy.
A good old Scottish name.
Yet you look like a No vote to me.
Poulsen.
Classic Dane.
And you're Gavel Surkov.
Property developer, owner
of several clubs, shares in Arsenal.
You were also Gregorovitch's protégé.
One of the original oligarchs.
You somehow
ended up with his billions,
while he was found dead
in bulletproof car.
And now here you are
hiding out in London.
Shares in Arsenal
is hardly hiding out.
So, now we all know each other...
Oleg Adamov. Do you know him?
Never seen him.
There are plenty of cameras here.
We'll just take a look
at your footage.
Come back with the paperwork.
One more thing, though.
Careful what you find
when turning over rocks.
We can all agree
it's been a really tough few days
for the Prime Minister,
finding himself
on the front pages of the tabloids...
There's nothing more
I'd like to say on that.
Then there was yesterday's
shocking events.
Everybody here now has been
traumatised by what happened.
My sympathy goes out to you
and to the families
of the men who fell protecting you.
Thank you.
However, we are here
to debate the referendum.
You were offered a chance
to postpone, so
if you're OK,
I've got a few tough questions
for you.
I'd expect nothing less.
We're in Downing Street
for security reasons. I get that.
But it gives you the home-ground
advantage, as it were.
So, can you explain why you need
another even bigger advantage?
The 55 percent you're demanding.
You're always saying that Scotland
and England are better off together,
so why not a level playing field?
Well, firstly,
it's not just Scotland and England.
It's the United Kingdom as a whole.
Over 300 years as a single country.
We have a common culture,
a common heritage.
And, secondly,
the 55 percent requirement
gives democracy the advantage.
Look at the European referendum.
It went through by a whisker,
and then Parliament...
-Nonse!
-...the entire country...
Try listening! It might make sense.
...the next three years in disarray.
Think you're in the wrong pub, doll.
Tommy! Settle down!
...the other calling them out
for being sore losers.
I don't want that to happen here.
If there is a will for change...
Why are you so defensive of that man?
There is a will, Prime Minister.
I think...
I think he might be my dad.
What?
We're getting a test done,
but we both want it to be.
I think.
Wow.
You can't tell anyone.
-OK.
-I just
don't want this coming out
until I know for absolute sure.
It's just been really shit
since Mum...
Just want something to go right.
You're not watching your boy.
He's about
to get his arse handed to him.
I think he's doing just fine.
You don't get it.
We've got footage,
and it's going out live
to the nation.
Lay the proud usurpers low
Tyrants fall in every foe
Liberty's in every blow
Let us do or die
And, yet, here we are,
exactly where you want to be.
If there is a will, let Scotland
prove it by a determined majority.
Because you're all about Scotland,
Prime Minister.
I know that we're both
the weaker for it, if we split.
I can definitively prove
that won't be the case,
that staying in the union
will leave us the poorer for it.
In fact, I can show you right now.
Sorry. What's going on?
I'm being told we have
some important footage to watch.
Could we get a monitor
for the PM, please?
So, um, what is this
that we're about to watch?
We've heard a lot
from the Prime Minister
about how much he values Scotland.
When what he really means
is how much he values our oil.
That's not true.
Only he doesn't think
it's Scotland's oil.
He thinks it's his.
And he thinks he can sell it
behind our backs.
That's completely ridiculous.
What you're about to see
is camera footage
of Mr. Cornwell here
in an undisclosed meeting
with representatives
from Petro China.
As soon as we've won the referendum,
I will of course renegotiate
the Continental Shelf Act.
I mean, it's obvious.
Scotland's share of the oil revenue
has been far too high
for far too long.
Let me take you upstairs,
introduce you to the Home Secretary.
-That's not me.
-Certainly looks like you.
It's a fake. That's a fake.
It's a fake! Listen to him.
Twat!
That's a very convenient thing
to say, Prime Minister.
No, it's not convenient, it's
the truth. That's a deep-fake video.
Fine. I look forward
to seeing your proof.
I've listened! I've heard him!
-I believe...
-Do you have any proof?
Stop it!
-Weird.
-Well, I think we seem
to be running out of time here
but you can keep up-to-date
with the debate
on our news 24 channel.
In the meantime,
I'd like to thank the Prime Minister
and the leader of the SNP
for being here with us today.
Back off! Back off! Back... Back...
-Who's the daddy?
-You are one sick...
Who's the daddy?
Adamov's using his phone.
All right. Text me his location.
You got a ping of his phone?
Where is Adamov?
Go back to the office.
-Don't be insane!
-Look.
You need me there.
I want him in cuffs, not a body bag.
You can't do this on your own.
Come on.
-Get out!
-No!
Get out or we lose him.
And that's on you.
He's called an unregistered mobile.
Probably a burner phone.
I'm not getting anything
on either numbers.
I want backup out there right now!
No agent gets left in the breeze.
Have you seen this guy?
No.
Stop! Put your hands on your head!
She has a gun!
Fuck!
Mind out!
Move!
Stop! Drop the gun. Now! Do it!
Go.
You want to search me.
Take your clothes off.
What?
Go on. Do it. Now.
What is Redback?
How do you know Shaun Graham?
Who?
The assassin at the radio station.
Oh, him?
Not my man. Maybe yours.
Who knows?
Who do you work for?
Whoever pays.
But you're GRU?
No.
Chaos Agent.
Putin's puppet.
You fucking children!
You have nothing.
Because we are nothing.
We are no one.
And yet we are everywhere.
Everything. Off.
We fight different wars.
You have rules
and that's why you will lose.
Is this that you want?
I think I'll go now.
-Stay there.
-Or what?
Drop your gun or I'll drop this.
The choice is yours.
-So be it.
-No! Don't!
Lower your gun.
Do it! Do it!
Fuck!
Shit.
Fucking...
Fuck!
Jesus.
I'll get some more.
If you need me to call you a cab,
so you can leave before he does...
No. He was defending me.
Maybe they're not all bad.
Men?
Journalists.
Works for the Scottish Sun.
Yeah?
Tell me you got something. Anything.
I got a sick note.
-I won't be in tomorrow.
-What?
And then I won't be in at all.
Are you fucking kidding...
Just reporting in?
I'm sorry.
I'm not gonna tell anybody.
First time since Mum I wasn't
thinking about her.
Except it wasn't real.
You're just another bloke
who's full of shit.
I'm sorry, Holly.
I mean, it's obvious.
Scotland's share of the oil revenues
has been far too high
for far too long.
I should have been there.
-Let me take you upstairs...
-Nothing you could have done.
This isn't even
about politics anymore.
Cornwell, it's a blizzard of lies.
Nicky's run some numbers.
Predicted rise in the Yes vote.
How do I tell people it's a fake
when the more I say it,
the more convinced
they become that it's true.
This could cost us the union.
He was right there.
Mother and baby, Beatrice.
What did he mean
Shaun Graham may be one of ours?
"We are nothing. We have nothing.
We are everywhere."
Fuck!
I had him.
I...
Well...
We keep our agents
on a very tight leash
because we play by the rules.
Do you think that I would have
let him turn around and walk out?
Do you?
You should have taken me with you.
As it comes?
'Course.
Found a body this morning.
Forensics say he'd been holding
a gun in his right hand.
We had the pathologist's report.
They say his right wrist was snapped.
What kind of break?
A Barton's fracture.
Dislocation
of the radio-carpal joint.
Well, someone knew
what they were doing.
So, show me. I'm holding the gun.
Turn round.
Right. Using maximum force,
you grab, twist, snap the wrist.
Gun is yours.
Simple.
You are talking about the guy
who tried to kill the PM, yeah?
I am.
Shame he failed.
Who was the hero?
Russian.
Oleg Adamov.
Why would he wanna save
Cornwell's life?
Wrong question.
The real question is what would
the death of Adam Cornwell change?
What's this for?
Tell Laird it's on.
Temple Laird,
Scottish nationalist terrorist.
We believe that Laird
is funded by Russian money.
No more diversions.
Tattoo Redback
on your eyeballs.
Are you gonna OK
this operation or not?
I don't trust your agent.
I don't trust you.
I should kill the referendum. Resign.
No.
Mr. Ogilvy thinks
it's the best option.
I think it's the only option.
I didn't agree to this!
And I didn't agree to you planting
a bomb in a pub, but here we are.
Fucking spy.
Infiltrator. Nothing worse.
Adam's taking a massive risk.
The referendum's
going to be a digital vote.
I know people
who can tweak the results.
I made a professional judgement
and then you got Daddy to intervene!
Ever wonder where you would be
if it wasn't for your father?
Independence.
People think it's about politics.
It's about blood.
This is an unmitigated
fuck-up, Beatrice!
This could bring us all down!
Subtitles:
www.plint.com